- [Instructor] Now it's time for our first
challenge exercise for this course.
We're going to be using the Python language
for this challenge.
Now you're going to create a function that actually
does some work and use it as a Lambda function
that you deploy.
Now, part of the steps that I'm going to ask you to implement
as part of this challenge are as follows.
So I want you this time to start with the local Python file
instead of the code editor from AWS console.
Now there's nothing wrong with the code editor.
It's just a little bit more realistic to store your code
in source control and to do that locally
as opposed to doing it in their code editor.
Now, in order to actually upload your zip file
that you're going to create,
you need to follow the instructions linked here.
Then we'll tell you how to create a role
in your AWS account.
Now I'm assuming that you have AWS set up with credentials.
If you do not, please stop and go do that first.
But what you're going to do is you're going to create a zip file
after you create a role and then you're going to upload
that zip file using the CLI.
You're going to create a coin-flip program.
The coin-flip program is going to input a number
from the JSON payload for the number of flips to execute.
You will then randomize those results and generate
either a heads or a tails based on that randomization.
And then at the end in the actual response for the Python,
I want you to spit out the number of flips and the results
of those flips themselves.
So, in addition to doing any logging that you want to do
I actually want you to turn this
into a response that you send outbound.
So, you're on your own.
On the next video I'm going to show you my solution
to this problem.